[DOCS] Added missing debug hotkeys (#4068)
FunkinCrew/Funkin: docs/Funkin' Debug Hotkeys.md

## **Main Menu**
- `~`: ***DEBUG***: Opens a menu to access the Chart Editor and other work-in-progress editors. Rebindable in the options menu.
- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-W`: ***ALL ACCESS***: Unlocks all songs in Freeplay. Only available on debug builds.

> - `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-M`: ***NO MORE ACCESS***: Locks back songs in Freeplay (those unloked by default aren't locked. Only available on debug builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-M`: ***NO MORE ACCESS***: Re-locks all songs in Freeplay except those unlocked by default. Only available on debug builds.
```

- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-R`: ***GREAT SCORE?***: Give the user a hypothetical overridden score, and see if we can maintain that golden P rank. Only available on debug builds.

> - `Ctrl-Alt-Shift-P`: ***Character Unlock screen***: Froce the character select screen to play Pico being unlocked. Only available on debug builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-P`: ***CHARACTER UNLOCK SCREEN***: Forces the Character Select screen to play Pico's unlocking animation. Only available on debug builds.
```

> - `Ctrl-Alt-Shift-N`: ***Character Not seen***: Mark all characters as not seen and make BF glow again as there is a character to unlock. Only available on debug builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-N`: ***CHARACTER NOT SEEN***: Marks all characters as not seen and enables BF's new character unlocked animation in Freeplay. Only available on debug builds.
```

> - `Ctrl-Alt-Shift-E`: ***Dump save data***: Self explainatory. Only available on debug builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-E`: ***DUMP SAVE DATA***: [This should be given an explanation]. Only available on debug builds.
```

Reviewer 2: Change the description to:

> Prompts the user to save their save data as a JSON file, so its contents can be viewed.

> - `Ctrl-Alt-Shift-L`: ***Force crash***: Force crash and create a log dump. Only available on debug builds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `CTRL-ALT-SHIFT-L`: ***FORCE CRASH***: Force crashes the game and create a log dump. Only available on debug builds.
```

> - `Ctrl-Alt-Shift-L`: ***Force crash***: Force crash and create a log dump. Only available on debug builds.

Reviewer 3: This one is actually already documented at line 10, although the hot key is currently incorrect (missing the <kbd>ALT</kbd> key) which my PR #4010 corrects. But I wouldn't mind closing my PR and you including the correction in this one instead.

Reviewer: Just edited my suggestion comment to use your detailed wording.

Author: Well just checked, it only works on the main menu, not any state.

Reviewer 3: Are you sure? From my testing it works in pretty much any state.

> `Only available on debug builds.`
It also works on Release so that's a bit misleading.
